the NRA sprint invader
a feature is great going into turn
number one it looks like the hurricane
Randy Hannigan with the lead Ryan rules
under the second spot Kyle Sutter up to
third
Jordan times your poster gets shuffled
back to fourth purchase later to the
inside looking for that position
yellow flag is out car off the pace over
in turn number two
yeah it looks like the 6mm max Stambaugh
coming to a slow Hanigan will lead them
down playing is up we are underway
which traitorix to the inside a cow son
are trying to pick up the third position
Rainey handing it leads down the back
straightaway right and rule in second
Kyle Zara pulls it down low here comes
the trailer home check out the side job
movement Krupps - Tim Alison what a
massive slide jug coming through Turner
before
Ryan real closing in ever so slightly on
your Leo Randy Hanigan Ryan Rua has
found
for dance Bella has turned
again
down the back straightaway they go the
battle for the lead is brewing color
sideways over in turn number two yellow
flag is out and that looks like the
number 11 and of Dustin's troop they
will see the green flag this time
science try to hold on a nine-second
spot but straighter to the inside that
low side is not going to work for
shreyer
here they go deep into turns three and
four Christopher Bell in a good position
but here
near 60 laps at emotes its rainy
Hannigan followed by boots traitor boots
reader gets around layin low for the
second position
20 of which later to get around him now
straighter sets his sights on Randi
handing it out a weekend sweep at Eldora
Speedway I have to take a look here we
might have a yellow fire
yellow flag is out yellow flag is out
with forward to go on the gas here we go
four laps to go
great are looking to the inside not
gonna do it here comes Ryan we're
running outside down the back
straightaway here we go
Ryan River the number 16 car goes high
wide and handsome
that going to be it up this time which
rails on a second rating agency leader
the research here comes main rule again
good trader moves up and fell back Ryan
with the crossover move
Ryan rule into the second position
coming up in tournament more
but Schrader and Christopher Bell
side-by-side down the next train we
didn't turn three here's the checkered
flag
Randy Hannigan wins